Preparing 16.5 hotfix patch to fix Workstation build issue (#10462)
chef/chef: RELEASE_NOTES.md

This file holds "in progress" release notes for the current release under development and is intended for consumption by the Chef Documentation team. Please see <https://docs.chef.io/release_notes/> for the official Chef release notes.

# Whats New in 16.5.71

* Add missing requires to chef/policy_builder/dynamic.
* Check for full name in addition to short name for `homebrew_package` resource. `homebrew_package 'homebrew/core/vim'` and `homebrew_package 'vim'` styles should now both work correctly.

> 

Reviewer: You might want to mention we improved the license acceptance flow to give you helpful information if you entered an incorrect string

This file holds "in progress" release notes for the current release under development and is intended for consumption by the Chef Documentation team. Please see <https://docs.chef.io/release_notes/> for the official Chef release notes.

# Whats New in 16.5.71

> * Add missing requires to chef/policy_builder/dynamic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add missing requires to prevent errors loading `chef/policy_builder/dynamic`.
```

> * Add missing requires to prevent errors when loading `chef/policy_builder/dynamic`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Added missing requires to prevent errors when loading `chef/policy_builder/dynamic`.
```

> * Check for full name in addition to short name for `homebrew_package` resource. `homebrew_package 'homebrew/core/vim'` and `homebrew_package 'vim'` styles should now both work correctly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* The `homebrew_package` resource will now check for the full and short package names. Both `homebrew_package 'homebrew/core/vim'` and `homebrew_package 'vim'` styles should now work correctly.
```

> * Improved the license acceptance flow to give helpful information if user passes an invalid value in the environment variable or command line argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improved the license acceptance flow to give helpful information if the user passes an invalid value in the environment variable or command line argument.
```
